Congratulations, you have just finished the third lesson of this course.
Now let's summarize what we have learned.
We first learned about how to create a user funnel.
We learned how to break down a user's actions as steps towards a goal.
We also examined the stages of
the traditional sales funnel from awareness, to evaluation,
to purchase, and then learned how these funnel
analysis techniques could be applied to feature usage too.
In the second part of the lesson,
we learned how to calculate funnel drop-off in Tableau.
We discussed evaluating the available data
and ordering events as a user would experience them.
We also learned how to count the number of visitors who made it through each step.
By using the percent change calculation,
we learned how to determine the drop off rate between steps.
Finally, in the third part of this lesson,
we leveraged our learnings in part 2 and went a
step further by visualizing the user funnel.
Converting raw data into appealing visuals
will strengthen our case if stakeholder buy-in is
needed to spend further resources investigating and iterating on a funnels design.
Congratulations on completing this lesson.
In the next lesson, we'll discuss how to analyze data by user segment.
See you in the next lesson.